npu2 Virtual Architectures (#2155)
Xilinx/mlir-aie: docs/Devices.md

3 CCCC
2 CCCC
1 MMMM
0 PDDD
  0..N
```

```aie.device(npu2) {}```

> This device is present in Ryzen Strix, Strix Halo and Krackan Point SOCs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This NPU device is present in Ryzen AI: Strix, Strix Halo and Kracken Point SOCs.
```

  0..N
```

```aie.device(npu2) {}```
This device is present in Ryzen Strix, Strix Halo and Krackan Point SOCs.
8 Columns and 6 Rows
```
5 CCCCCCCC
4 CCCCCCCC
3 CCCCCCCC
2 CCCCCCCC
1 MMMMMMMM

> 0 PDDDDDDD

Author: P stands for Shim PL tile. Looking at the target model, indeed for NPU1 the tile on col 0, row 0 is marked as such but not on NPU2. I removed it.
